Packages / Cloudinary Storage: Fix move file when ROOT is defined (#22551)
directus/directus: .changeset/plenty-boxes-appear.md

---
"@directus/storage-driver-cloudinary": patch
"@directus/storage": patch
---

> Fixed saving edit image when using ROOT with Cloudinary storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where moving files using Cloudinary storage with custom ROOT location would fail. The issue occurred, for example, when trying to save an edited image.
```

Author: Should a changeset include "for example"? 🤔
Would not it be very long for the release notes?

Reviewer 2: There's no penalty for having long release notes, so I'm down to make it a little more explicit / explanatory
